object memory graph -

The object memory graph in JavaScript is a collection of all objects and their references.
 The reference path from the most immediate context up to the top is called a retaining path.

 Garbage collection (GC)- 
 Node JS offers Garbage collector that automatically manages the application level memory. Garbage collector frees up the memory by deleting
  un-referenced object and  out-of-scope variables. BY doing so GC helps in avoiding "memory leak" problem.

memory leak- memory leak is when an unused object is never deleted from the memory.

During the execution of an program, memory is assigned as following:

- All the local variables and reference to the object are stored in "stack". variables/references becomes available for GC once they are out of scoped.
- All the referece object like string,array,class objects are stored in "Heap".
 
 
Heap maintains two spaces -
1. New space
2. Old space

New space : New space is where object alocation happens . Garbage collection in this is fast .
            - also call young generation
            - It has memory about 1~8 MB.
            - GC uses Scavenge algo for garbage collection in this space.

Old space- Object that survives GC collection in young generation are moved to this space.
            - also called old space.
            - GC collection in this space is slow.
            - GC uses mark-and-sweep algo for garbage collection in this space.

Scavenge is a very fast garbage collection technique and operates with objects in New Space.
The idea is very simple, New Space is divided in two equal semi-spaces: To-Space and From-Space. Scavenge GC occurs when To-Space is full.
It simply swaps To and From spaces and copy all live objects to To-Space or promote them to one of the old spaces if they survived two scavenges, and is then entirely erased from the space.
Scavenges are very fast however they have the overhead of keeping double sized heap and constantly copying objects in memory.
The reason to use scavenges is because most objects die young.

Tools to monitor memory leak-
1.Heapdump
2.strongloop
